Why did I come in IT?
My english is not so good, but i have a desire write essay on English language. I hope, you will understand it.

Since childhood, I was familiar with computer, and especially with computer games. I very like play computer games, and first, what i done at computer - i was play in "Carmageddon". It was my first game on computer. I was really like it, but up to grade 10th, I wasn't interested in what was hidden, behind the bright picture of the computer games. After 10th, i needed find the specialty, which i will study at the university. I tried myself in programming, but this is not crowned with success. I could only made couple of simple logical operations and no more. All the rest was hard for me.

I can learn everything by myself, what interests me, and programming not apply to this. However, i was no choice, because "IT" the closest specialty for my hobbies.

When I went to institute, i thought that teachers would teach different things related to IT, or at least motivate students to learn the programming. How I was wrong, when I came at the first lesson and heard a very tedious lecture. I hoped that the practice would be more interesting, but I was wrong again. Everything, what I wanted from institute, I not received no motivation, no knowledge.

Finally, I started practicing more diligently in my hobbies. I started learn 3D-modeling, design, Photoshop, videos editing and more. The only thing, which the institute gave me: find myself.

I was very long time try to find myself. I tried learn different things, but now, I can do what I like and what I can. But I still think, that the institute take too much time, which I can spend at my hobbies or affairs.

And if I will work in any IT company, I would prefer the profession of a UI designer, because this is the only thing that is closest for me.

And now, it’s time, to answer at the main question of essay: "Why did I come in IT?" At this question, I answered earlier, but i can write it again. I come in IT, because it’s the most suitable specialty for me, judging by my hobbies. That's all, what I would wrote in my essay. I hope you enjoyed and understood all my thoughts.
