Why I have chosen an IT
When I was in first grade, I’ve already knew, that I’m gonna be a computer programmer. I don’t know why, but it was the most attractive profession, even more than an astronaut. IT sphere is the most interesting thing in the universe for me because you can create something brand new for our world, you can improve something what already exists. Mark Zukerberg has created a Facebook, but mostly he has jsut improved something that people alredy used before. All these technologies are make our life easier, I mean look at NFC tech. You don’t need to carry a wallet anymore because you could pay for goods by your phone and it just blows my mind, because I use it every day and for me it’s really hard to realize how this invention affects on our entire world. I don’t even know what job to call, where you can’t use an IT inventions or programms. These technologies helps you to clean your house, people launch robots in space, and these robots are collecting data for us every day. While I’m writing this essay, I’m listening music. The thing is that I do it in “Word”, which is also a programm. I’m listening to the music through an Internet Browser, which is a programm, created by a computer programmers, and the voice I hear, this voice was edited an improved on a recording studio with help of a computer program. From the moment of appearance of first computer, our life has become the way easier. We use it in medicine and I’m sure it saves many lives every day. I can’t even imagine how hard our life could be without these things, that computer programmers, which makes our life better by their programms.

For me IT sphere is like an endless game. It never ends because people are create new programming languages, new interesting things, and some of them could turn our life upside down. While I have no enough knowledge about how to write a computer programms, I learn. I learn new things that could help me in future. Also it makes my brain work, so when I get older I wouldn’t be a guy who knows nothing, who haven’t learned anything in his life. With the skills I’d get in the university I’d be able to find a job in any time in the Internet, so I wouldn’t starve to death because I have no job and that is amazing. I could use my knowledge anywhere, no matter it’s a video editing studio or an Elon Musk’s space programm. I could be on the edge of sience breakthrough or I could sit in office in the UK or somewhere else. It is amazing, when you know, that you can change the world by your own hands, when people who don’t even know who are you could use your app sitting at home far away from you, when you could be proud of the thing that was created by you. Sometimes I think about the future with flying cars and other cyberpunk stuff, and the thing is that I don’t wanna be like an old man who knows nothing about the computers if I can be an old man, who’s gonna be usefull in future. I like that computer programmers has an opportunity to work from any place in the world, if this place has an internet connection. On the weekend, when I’m in my hometown which is in 100km away from Abakan, I’m still able to finish my work and send it to my teacher just in time, without a doubt that I won’t find him on Monday to show him what I’ve done.

I’ve always wanted to travel around the world, but often this is not realizable if you are attached to a place where you work or because you don’t have money and you need to earn it just to take a two week vacation once a year. If you are a computer programmer you can be sure, that you have a job and travel at the same time, isn’t that lovely?
